prep for 1.5 [wait upon docs publication to merge] (#75)
SUSE/cap-release-notes: adoc/Release-Notes.adoc

:product: {suse} Cloud Application Platform
:version: 1.5
:rn-url: https://www.suse.com/releasenotes
:doc-url: https://documentation.suse.com/suse-cap/1

> :deployment-url: https://documentation.suse.com/suse-cap/1/html/cap-guides/part_cap_deployment.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://documentation.suse.com/suse-cap/1/html/cap-guides/part-cap-deployment.html
```

--set=sizing.mysql.count=1
----
+
Delete the PVC(s) for `mysql-1` from both `uaa` and `scf` namespaces.
.. Run the upgrade to 1.5 but keep the `mysql` at 1 for now, leaving the rest of the install as HA.
+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa  -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1
helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----
+
.. Upgrade the `mysql` role to the default HA configuration, bringing 1.5 to full HA.
+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true
helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----

IMPORTANT: If you are using a buildpack that uses the same name as a shipped buildpack, you will need to rename it to a unique name. Based on our existing model of stackless buildpacks, any buildpack name already in use is considered reserved. 

> IMPORTANT: As of {scf} 2.18.0, since our `cf-deployment` version is 9.5, the `cflinuxfs2` stack is no longer supported, as was warned in {scf} 2.17.1 or {cap} 1.4.1. We still ship the `cflinuxfs2` buildpack for migration purposes but we encourage all admins to move to `cflinuxfs3` or `sle15` as newer buildpacks will not work with the deprecated `cflinuxfs2`. If you still want to use the older stack, you will need to build an older version of a buildpack to continue for the app to work, but you will be unsupported. (If you are running on `sle12`, we will be retiring that stack in a future version so start planning your migration to `sle15`.)

Reviewer 2: We no longer ship cflinuxfs2

Author: Reworded to indicate that it is not part of 1.5, though upgrades from 1.4.1 will bring it along.

* Switched over to `PXC` from `cf-mysql` for database management
* Includes these {cf} component versions:
** cf-deployment: 9.5
** cflinuxfs3: 0.118.0
** eirini: 0.0.14
** groot-btrfs: 1.0.5
** scf-helper: 1.0.3
* Buildpacks:
** binary-buildpack: 1.0.33
** dotnet-core-buildpack: 2.2.13
** go-buildpack: 1.8.42
** java-buildpack: 4.20.0 
** nginx-buildpack: 1.0.15
** nodejs-buildpack: 1.6.53
** php-buildpack: 4.3.80
** python-buildpack: 1.6.36
** ruby-buildpack: 1.7.42
** staticfile-buildpack: 1.4.43

[id='sec.1_5.issue']
==== Known Issues

IMPORTANT: In order to deploy this version in HA, or upgrade from {cap} 1.4.1 from HA, you will need to scale down the `mysql` role to 1 in order to migrate from cf-mysql to PXC. This is based on upstream instructions but based on what we've seen with other components that rely on the database, such as Credhub, scaling all database roles into single availability helps with a stable migration and deployment.

Steps for a fresh install of CAP 1.5 HA: 

[arabic]
.. Install HA UAA but scale the `mysql` role to 1 as a transition step. (For these commands, we will assume that `scf-uaa` and `scf-cf` are the chart names.)

> +

Reviewer 3: Change "we will assume that `scf-uaa` and `scf-cf` are the chart names to" :

"In the commands below `susecf-uaa` and `susecf-scf` are assumed to be the release names and `suse/uaa` and `suse/cf` are the chart names in the repository."

Author: Changed.

[source,bash]
----
helm install --name scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1

> 

Reviewer 3: Should be:
```
helm install --name susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true  
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1
```

Author: Changed.

----
+
.. Set the value of the `secrets.UAA_CA_CERT` to pass your `uaa` secret and certificate to `scf` as per Section 5.10 of the {CAP} Deployment Guide: https://www.suse.com/documentation/cloud-application-platform-1/singlehtml/book-cap-guides/book-cap-guides.html#sec-cap-install-scf-prod
+
[source,bash]
----
helm install --name scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"

> ----

Reviewer 3: Should be:
```
helm install --name susecf-scf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
```

Author: Done. From what I see, all references to `--name` are updated.

+
.. Scale the `mysql` role up to the default HA configuration.
+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true
helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----

Steps to upgrade from CAP 1.4.1 in HA mode:

[arabic]

> .. Before upgrading, while keeping HA, scale the `mysql` role to 1. (Note: the subsequent instructions assume that the charts were installed with `config.HA` set to `true`.)

Reviewer 3: We should add here:

**Note the following instructions assume the 1.4.1 charts were installed with the default HA setup, i.e., with `config.HA` set to `true`.**

However, you don't need to use `config.HA` if you had used custom sizing for your 1.4.1 deployment. You can continue to use the custom sizing parameters for all but the mysql roles and make sure to specify `--set=sizing.mysql.count=1` during the pre-upgrade step. After the upgrade completes successfully and all the roles are up and ready, you can use the sizing parameter for the mysql role to scale it up to the number of instances you would like to deploy, e.g. `--set=sizing.mysql.count=3`

Author: Minor tweaks to the wording but LGTM

+
[source,bash]
----

> helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa --reuse-values --set config.HA=false \ 

Reviewer 3: `s/scf-uaa/susecf-uaa`

--set sizing.uaa.count=2 --set sizing.mysql.count=1

> helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf --reuse-values --set config.HA=false \ 

Reviewer 3: `s/scf-cf/susescf-cf`

--set=sizing.diego_cell.count=3 --set=sizing.adapter.count=2 --set=sizing.api_group.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.autoscaler_actors.count=2 --set=sizing.autoscaler_api.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.autoscaler_metrics.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_clock.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_uploader.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.cc_worker.count=2 --set=sizing.cf_usb_group.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_api.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.diego_brain.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_ssh.count=2 --set=sizing.doppler.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.locket.count=2 --set=sizing.log_api.count=2 --set=sizing.log_cache_scheduler.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.nats.count=2 --set=sizing.nfs_broker.count=2 --set=sizing.router.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.routing_api.count=2 --set=sizing.syslog_scheduler.count=2 --set=sizing.tcp_router.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.mysql.count=1
----
+
Delete the PVC(s) for `mysql-1` from both `uaa` and `scf` namespaces.
.. Run the upgrade to 1.5 but keep the `mysql` at 1 for now, leaving the rest of the install as HA.
+
[source,bash]
----

> helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa  -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 

Reviewer 3: `s/scf-uaa/susecf-uaa`

--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1

> helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 

Reviewer 3: `s/scf-cf/susescf-cf`

--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----
+
.. Upgrade the `mysql` role to the default HA configuration, bringing 1.5 to full HA.
+
[source,bash]
----

> helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 

Reviewer 3: `s/scf-uaa/susecf-uaa`

--set config.HA=true

> helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 

Reviewer 3: `s/scf-cf/susescf-cf`

--set config.HA=true --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----

IMPORTANT: If you are using a buildpack that uses the same name as a shipped buildpack, you will need to rename it to a unique name. Based on our existing model of stackless buildpacks, any buildpack name already in use is considered reserved. 

IMPORTANT: As of {scf} 2.18.0, since our `cf-deployment` version is 9.5, the `cflinuxfs2` stack is no longer supported, as was advised in {scf} 2.17.1 or {cap} 1.4.1. The `cflinuxfs2` buildpack is no longer shipped, but if you are upgrading from an earlier version, `cflinuxfs2` will not be removed. However, for migration purposes but we encourage all admins to move to `cflinuxfs3` or `sle15` as newer buildpacks will not work with the deprecated `cflinuxfs2`. If you still want to use the older stack, you will need to build an older version of a buildpack to continue for the app to work, but you will be unsupported. (If you are running on `sle12`, we will be retiring that stack in a future version so start planning your migration to `sle15`.)

> 

Reviewer 3: Need to add:
IMPORTANT: As of {scf} 2.18.0 `cf push` with eirini does not work on EKS and GKE. To get `cf push` to work with EKS and GKE you need to apply a workaround of deleting a webhook by doing the following:

`kubectl  delete  mutatingwebhookconfigurations -n eirini eirini-x-mutating-hook-eirini`

Deleting the webhook would mean `eirini-persi` service would not be available. Note the workaround is not needed on AKS.

Author: Added. AsciiDocs formatting kinda wacky here but the gist is hopefully clear.

[id='sec.major-change']
== Major Changes

[id='sec.1_5']
=== Release 1.5, September 2019

[id='sec.1_5.new']
==== What Is New?

* {scf} has been updated to version 2.18.0:
** PXC (Percona XtraDB Cluster) replaces `cf-mysql` for database management -- please read the Known Issues section for this version on deployment and upgrade changes
** Ability to set `config.HA_strict=false` in combination with `config.HA=true` to allow lowering the sizing count for a role below what is required for HA

> ** UAA can now be embedded in the `cf` namespace -- please read the Known Issues section for this version on deployment limitations

Reviewer 4: "UAA can now be deployed in one step when installing SCF, and embedded in the same namespace (not necessarily `cf`)"

Author: Reworded slightly to indicate the one step aspect.

* The Stratos UI has been updated to version 2.5.1:
** Tech preview for helm feature
** Add custom welcome message on endpoints page
** Add support for connecting {caasp} V4 endpoints
** Refinements to the Autoscaler UI
** For a full list of features and fixes see https://github.com/SUSE/stratos/releases/tag/2.5.1.

For information about deploying and administering {product}, see the product manuals at
{doc-url}.

[id='sec.1_5.feature']
==== Features and Fixes
* `cf-deployment` has been updated to version 9.5.0.

> * Eirini updated to 0.0.14

Reviewer 4: "Eirini tech preview now ships Eirini version 0.0.14"

Author: We're using existing release note wording here.

* Removed the `cluster-admin` role binding for the eirini service account
* Switched over to `PXC` from `cf-mysql` for database management
* Includes these {cf} component versions:
** app-autoscaler: 1.2.1
** bits-service: 2.28.0
** bpm: 1.1.0
** capi: 1.83.0
** cf-deployment: 9.5
** cf-mysql: 36.15.0
** cf-routing: 0.188.0
** cf-sle12: 1.81.26
** cf-sle15: 10.28
** cf-smoke-tests: 40.0.112
** cf-syslog-drain: 10.2
** cf-usb: 1.0.1
** cflinuxfs3: 0.118.0
** credhub: 2.4.0
** diego: 2.34.0
** eirini: 0.0.14
** garden-runc: 1.19.3
** groot-btrfs: 1.0.5
** log-cache: 2.2.2
** loggregator: 105.5
** loggregator-agent: 3.9
** mapfs: 1.1.0
** nats: 27
** nfs-volume: 1.5.2
** postgres-release: 26
** pxc: 0.18.0
** scf-helper: 1.0.3
** statsd-injector: 1.10.0
** uaa: 72.0
* Buildpacks:
** binary-buildpack: 1.0.33
** dotnet-core-buildpack: 2.2.13
** go-buildpack: 1.8.42
** java-buildpack: 4.20.0 
** nginx-buildpack: 1.0.15
** nodejs-buildpack: 1.6.53
** php-buildpack: 4.3.80
** python-buildpack: 1.6.36
** ruby-buildpack: 1.7.42
** staticfile-buildpack: 1.4.43

[id='sec.1_5.issue']
==== Known Issues

> IMPORTANT: In order to deploy this version in HA, or upgrade from {cap} 1.4.1 from HA, you will need to scale down the `mysql` role to 1 in order to migrate from cf-mysql to PXC. This is based on upstream instructions but based on what we've seen with other components that rely on the database, such as Credhub, scaling all database roles into single availability helps with a stable migration and deployment.

Reviewer 3: Can we reword this section as:
In order to deploy {cap} 1.5 or upgrade from {cap} 1.4.1 in an HA configuration you will first need to scale the `mysql` role down to 1 instance to be able to migrate from `cf-mysql` to PXC.

Author: We can.

Steps for a fresh install of CAP 1.5 HA: 

[arabic]
.. Install HA UAA but scale the `mysql` role to 1 as a transition step. (In the commands below, `susecf-uaa` and `susecf-scf` are assumed to be the release names and `suse/uaa` and `suse/cf` are the chart names in the repository. Adjust those names accordingly to suit your configuration.)

> +

Reviewer 3: Should be 'Adjust the release names...'

Author: ✅

[source,bash]
----
helm install --name susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1
----
+
.. Set the value of the `secrets.UAA_CA_CERT` to pass your `uaa` secret and certificate to `scf` as per Section 5.10 of the {CAP} Deployment Guide: https://www.suse.com/documentation/cloud-application-platform-1/singlehtml/book-cap-guides/book-cap-guides.html#sec-cap-install-scf-prod
+
[source,bash]
----
helm install --name susecf-scf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----
+
.. Scale the `mysql` role up to the default HA configuration.
+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true
helm upgrade susecf-scf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----

> Steps to upgrade from CAP 1.4.1 in HA mode:

Reviewer 4: May need an extra preceding blankline here to not indent on the same level as previous text (at least github renders it as part of the previous point without a blank line

Author: AsciiDocs isn't too particular with this as opposed to Markdown but adjusted.

+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa --reuse-values --set config.HA=false \ 
--set sizing.uaa.count=2 --set sizing.mysql.count=1
helm upgrade susecf-scf --namespace scf suse/cf --reuse-values --set config.HA=false \ 
--set=sizing.diego_cell.count=3 --set=sizing.adapter.count=2 --set=sizing.api_group.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.autoscaler_actors.count=2 --set=sizing.autoscaler_api.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.autoscaler_metrics.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_clock.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_uploader.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.cc_worker.count=2 --set=sizing.cf_usb_group.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_api.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.diego_brain.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_ssh.count=2 --set=sizing.doppler.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.locket.count=2 --set=sizing.log_api.count=2 --set=sizing.log_cache_scheduler.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.nats.count=2 --set=sizing.nfs_broker.count=2 --set=sizing.router.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.routing_api.count=2 --set=sizing.syslog_scheduler.count=2 --set=sizing.tcp_router.count=2 \ 
--set=sizing.mysql.count=1
----
+
Delete the PVC(s) for `mysql-1` from both `uaa` and `scf` namespaces.

> 

Reviewer 3: Add 'but don't delete any PV(s)'.

Author: Added.

IMPORTANT: As of {scf} 2.18.0, `cf push` with `eirini` does not work on {eks} and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) by default. To get `cf push` to work with {eks} and GKE, you need to apply a workaround of deleting a webhook by doing the following:

+
[source,bash]
----
kubectl delete mutatingwebhookconfigurations -n eirini eirini-x-mutating-hook-eirini
----

Deleting the webhook means that the `eirini-persi` service would not be available. Note that this workaround is not needed on {aks}.

* If you are using the `uaa` embedded in the `suse/cf` chart, note that automatic ingress creation via helm will not work at present. Therefore, the ingress controller will not work with embedded `uaa` but other load balancers will work.

> 

Reviewer 3: Suggest changing the wording to 'but the chart can be deployed with 'Kubernetes `LoadBalancer` services'.

Author: Changed.

** java-buildpack: 4.20.0 
** nginx-buildpack: 1.0.15
** nodejs-buildpack: 1.6.53
** php-buildpack: 4.3.80
** python-buildpack: 1.6.36
** ruby-buildpack: 1.7.42
** staticfile-buildpack: 1.4.43

[id='sec.1_5.issue']
==== Known Issues

IMPORTANT: In order to deploy {cap} 1.5 or upgrade from {cap} 1.4.1 in an HA configuration, you will first need to scale the `mysql` role down to 1 instance to be able to migrate from `cf-mysql` to `PXC`. This is based on upstream instructions but based on what we've seen with other components that rely on the database, such as Credhub, scaling all database roles into single availability helps with a stable migration and deployment.

Steps for a fresh install of CAP 1.5 HA: 

[arabic]
.. Install HA UAA but scale the `mysql` role to 1 as a transition step. (In the commands below, `susecf-uaa` and `susecf-scf` are assumed to be the release names and `suse/uaa` and `suse/cf` are the chart names in the repository. Adjust the release names accordingly to suit your configuration.)
+
[source,bash]
----
helm install --name susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1
----
+

> .. Set the value of the `secrets.UAA_CA_CERT` to pass your `uaa` secret and certificate to `scf` as per Section 5.10 of the {CAP} Deployment Guide: https://www.suse.com/documentation/cloud-application-platform-1/singlehtml/book-cap-guides/book-cap-guides.html#sec-cap-install-scf-prod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Set the value of the `secrets.UAA_CA_CERT` to pass your `uaa` secret and certificate to `scf` as per Section 5.10 of the {CAP} Deployment Guide: https://documentation.suse.com/suse-cap/1/html/cap-guides/cha-cap-depl-caasp.html#sec-cap-install-scf-prod
```

Delete the PVC(s) for `mysql-1` from both `uaa` and `scf` namespaces but leave the associated PV(s) as is.

.. Run the upgrade to 1.5 but keep the `mysql` at 1 for now, leaving the rest of the install as HA.
+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa  -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1
helm upgrade susecf-scf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA=true \ 
--set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----
+
.. Upgrade the `mysql` role to the default HA configuration, bringing 1.5 to full HA.
+
[source,bash]
----
helm upgrade susecf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true
helm upgrade susecf-scf --namespace scf suse/cf -f <values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true \ 
--set config.HA=true --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"
----

IMPORTANT: If you are using a buildpack that uses the same name as a shipped buildpack, you will need to rename it to a unique name. Based on our existing model of stackless buildpacks, any buildpack name already in use is considered reserved. 

> IMPORTANT: As of {scf} 2.18.0, since our `cf-deployment` version is 9.5, the `cflinuxfs2` stack is no longer supported, as was advised in {scf} 2.17.1 or {cap} 1.4.1. The `cflinuxfs2` buildpack is no longer shipped, but if you are upgrading from an earlier version, `cflinuxfs2` will not be removed. However, for migration purposes but we encourage all admins to move to `cflinuxfs3` or `sle15` as newer buildpacks will not work with the deprecated `cflinuxfs2`. If you still want to use the older stack, you will need to build an older version of a buildpack to continue for the app to work, but you will be unsupported. (If you are running on `sle12`, we will be retiring that stack in a future version so start planning your migration to `sle15`.)

Reviewer: Extra `but` in `However, for migration purposes but we encourage all`

Author: but gone :)

Steps: TBD

IMPORTANT: If you are using a buildpack that uses the same name as a shipped buildpack, you will need to rename it to a unique name. Based on our existing model of stackless buildpacks, any buildpack name already in use is considered "reserved". 

IMPORTANT: As for {scf} 2.18.0, since our cf-deployment version is 9.5, the cflinuxfs2 stack is no longer supported, as was warned in {scf} 2.17.1 or {cap} 1.4.1. We still ship the cflinuxfs2 buildpack for migration purposes but we encourage all admins to move to cflinuxfs3 or sle15 as newer buildpacks will not work with the deprecated cflinuxfs2. If you still want to use the older stack, you will need to build an older version of a buildpack to continue for the app to work, but you will be unsupported.

[id='sec.1_5.feature']
==== Features and Fixes
* cf-deployment has been updated to version 9.5.0.

> * Eirini updated to 0.0.15

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/SUSE/scf/blob/a2697c75229289e331b61d8a7150df9816d65f0a/container-host-files/etc/scf/config/role-manifest.yml#L150-L152 seems to indicate it's 0.0.14?

Author: OK.

* PXC (Percona XtraDB Cluster) replaces cf-mysql for database management -- PLEASE READ IMPORTANT SECTION

> * Added `config.HA_strict` flag to allow role size overrides on top of config.HA

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should reword this such as "setting config.HA_strict=false in combination with config.HA=true would allow lowering the sizing count for a role below what is required for HA."

Author: Done.

[id='sec.major-change']
== Major Changes

[id='sec.1_5']
=== Release 1.5, September 2019

[id='sec.1_5.new']
==== What Is New?

* {scf} has been updated to version 2.18.0.

[id='sec.1_5.issue']
==== Known Issues

> IMPORTANT: In order to deploy to this version, or upgrade from {scf} 2.17.1, part of {cap} 1.4.1, to this version, you will need to scale down the database roles to 1 pod in order to migrate from cf-mysql to PXC. This is based on upstream instructions but based on what we've seen with other components that rely on the database, such as Credhub, scaling all database roles into single availability helps with a stable migration and deployment

Reviewer 2: Upgrades or deploy : you will need to scale down the database roles to 1 pod 

Only Upgrades: in order to migrate from cf-mysql to PXC. This is based on upstream instructions

Only Deploy: but based on what we've seen with other components that rely on the database, such as Credhub, scaling all database roles into single availability helps with a stable migration and deployment

Author: We should have the wording better, noting that both deployment and upgrade need mysql role set to 1.

========== Upgrade 1.4.1, HA but scale mysql to 1 ==========
UAA:
helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa suse/uaa --reuse-values --set config.HA=false --set sizing.uaa.count=2 --set sizing.mysql.count=1

SCF:
helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf suse/cf --reuse-values --set config.HA=false --set=sizing.diego_cell.count=3 --set=sizing.adapter.count=2 --set=sizing.api_group.count=2 --set=sizing.autoscaler_actors.count=2 --set=sizing.autoscaler_api.count=2 --set=sizing.autoscaler_metrics.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_clock.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_uploader.count=2 --set=sizing.cc_worker.count=2 --set=sizing.cf_usb_group.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_api.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_brain.count=2 --set=sizing.diego_ssh.count=2 --set=sizing.doppler.count=2 --set=sizing.locket.count=2 --set=sizing.log_api.count=2 --set=sizing.log_cache_scheduler.count=2 --set=sizing.nats.count=2 --set=sizing.nfs_broker.count=2 --set=sizing.router.count=2 --set=sizing.routing_api.count=2 --set=sizing.syslog_scheduler.count=2 --set=sizing.tcp_router.count=2 --set=sizing.mysql.count=1

Delete the PVC(s) for mysql-1 from both uaa and scf namespaces.

> ========== Upgrade to 1.5RC, HA but mysql at 1 ==========

Reviewer 2: Upgrade/Deploy

Author: Reworded by splitting upgrade and deployment into separate procedures.

UAA:

> helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa <chart-path>  -f <rc-values.yaml> --set config.HA=true --set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set sizing.uaa.count=2

Reviewer: In @satadruroy's revised version `--set sizing.uaa.count=2` was removed here

Author: 👍

SCF:
helm upgrade scf-cf --namespace scf <chart-path>  -f <rc-values.yaml> --set config.HA=true --set config.HA_strict=false --set sizing.mysql.count=1 --set "secrets.UAA_CA_CERT=${CA_CERT}"

========== Upgrade 1.5RC, full HA ==========

UAA:

> helm upgrade scf-uaa --namespace uaa <chart-path> -f <rc-values.yaml> --set config.HA_strict=true --set config.HA=true

Reviewer 2: I think config.HA_strict is already true by default. Since we are not using ----reuse-values, we should need `config.HA_strict=true`

Author: I'm OK leaving that parameter in just so admins are aware of this parameter in general.
